CARBON_HOME/repository/conf directory contains all the Carbon configuration files. 
Usage of the sub-directories of relevant configurations are as follows. 

1. axis2 <directory>
	-axis2.xml
	 The Apache Axis2 configuration file. Apache Axis2 is used at the core
   	 of WSO2 Carbon.

	-axis2_client.xml
	 The Axis2 client configuration file. 

	-tenant-axis2.xml
	 The Axis2 configuration file for a tenant.

2. datasources <directory>
	-master-datasources.xml
	 The main configuration file for Carbon Datasources. 
	 Registry and User Manager refer the datasource configuration defined in this file.

3. email <directory>
	-email-admin-config.xml
	 Contains the body of the mail that is to be sent upon the tenant configuration request by the 
         admin of the tenant. This includes the password reset link, for the forgotten passwords.

4. security <directory>
	-authenticators.xml
       	 The configuration file for Carbon authenticators.

	-cipher-text.properties
	 File based secret repository. 

	-cipher-tool.properties
	 This properties file contains all the aliases to be used in carbon components.
	 If any property need to be secured, you need to add the alias name and the value.

	-secret-conf.xml
	 The Secret Manager Configuration that is used by secret vault component.

5. tomcat <directory>
	-carbon <directory>
		|-WEB-INF
		| |-web.xml
		|   This is the web application deployment descriptor for the Carbon web application.	
		|
		|-META-INF
		  |-context.xml
		    This is the context configuration file for the Carbon web application.
	-web.xml
	 This file defines default values for all web applications loaded into this instance of Tomcat.	 

	-catalina-server.xml
	 This file is the main server configuration file for Tomcat (similar to server.xml in standard Tomcat). 
	 You can also use this file to configure transport connectors, specify nio ports (http and https ports) 
	 for WSO2 Carbon server.

	-tomcat-users.xml
	 This is the standard tomcat-users.xml file which can be used for definig users & roles. This
	 is applicable to webapps only, and will be used only if the Security/TomcatRealm entry in the
         carbon.xml is set to Memory.

6. etc <directory>
	-cache.xml
	 This file contains configuration related to the caching implementation in Carbon. The default
    	 cache manager used by Carbon is Infinispan. And, it can operate in several modes, such as local,
    	 distributed, or replicated. The cache manager is run in the local mode by default, and it is
    	 recommended to use the distributed mode or cluster and cloud deployments.

	-config-validation.xml
	 This file contains recommended configuration settings to run WSO2 Carbon. System settings will be
	 validated against these values by the bootup-validator carbon component at server startup.
         You can disable the bootup validation process at Carbon startup by setting 
         <Configuration enabled="false"> 

	-coordination-client-config.xml
	 This file is used to configure Coordination Service client.

	-jgroups-s3_ping-aws.xml
	 This is the JGroups configuration file that's to be used in a Amazon EC2 deployment. The JGroups
         Group Communication library is used by the Infinispan Cache Manager.

	-jmx.xml
	 This file is used for configuring the JMX server. You can disable the JMX RMI server from starting
         by setting the value of the StartRMIServer to false.

	-launch.ini
	 This file contains the WSO2 Carbon osgi runtime configuration overrides. The properties defined here are loaded 
	 prior to starting the framework and can also be used to override System Properties.

	-mime.types
	 Defines MIME types to file extension mappings.

	-mime.mappings
	 This file is used to define the human readable media type for a mime type.

7. carbon.xml
   The Carbon server configuration file.

8. registry.xml
   The Carbon registry configuration file. This will be used when the WSO2
   Embedded Registry is used.

9. user-mgt.xml
   The User Manager configuration file used for configuring user management
   details.

10. log4j.properties
    The log4j configuration file used by WSO2 Carbon.

11. osgi-debug.options
    This file contains the debug options for WSO2 Carbon osgi runtime.

12. README.txt
    This file.



